now you think that restaurants as fancy
and expensive as they are would just be
happy with the fact that they make money
on our don't feel like cooking tonight
laziness but alas a few of them do have
some tricks up their sleeves to get more
of your money next time you go out to
eat make sure you know how to protect
yourself from scammers probably the most
important thing to bear in mind when you
go to a restaurant is that you should
know exactly how much you tip the waiter
you see when you pay with your debit
card your tip is automatically charged
to it for your convenience however this
just might turn out to be a trap and you
won't even see it coming
there are dishonest workers who upon
getting the receipt and seeing how much
you'd like to leave as a tip have no
problem changing it to an amount they
deem more suitable you may have been
unhappy with the service or just not
ready to fork over 20% of the bill but
this waiter probably doesn't give two
hoots about that so the sneaky ones will
charge you more than you specified
without thinking twice I mean it's like
the adult equivalent of changing report
card FS into B's not that you ever did
that of course just like that a waiter
can easily change a 3 into an 8 the
trouble is they probably won't get
caught if you're not vigilant enough
yourself and that's because the bill for
the food might be charged to your
account almost immediately but the tip
is usually held back for some hours or
even days before showing up on your
balance and if it's not that large of an
amount you probably won't even notice
the difference unless you go through
your account every single day with a
fine-tooth comb the restaurant employees
who use this scheme don't even need to
drive the tip up too high a few bucks
here and there will leave them with a
much more sizeable paycheck by the end
of the month if you want to save your
money from such scammers
it's always best to get some proof while
you still can write down the tip and
total amount and either ask your waiter
to make a physical copy for you or
simply take a picture of your receipt
before you leave then if you notice
anything unusual about the amount
charged to your account later on you can
call the restaurant and explain the
situation you can also just call your
bank and avoid this awkward conversation
altogether your card provider will take
it upon themselves for you convenient
huh also if you're paying with your
credit or debit card as most of us do
these days right
you should always keep it with you the
first rule of safety and security is to
never ever let your card be taken away
from you if a waiter doesn't bring the
POS terminal to you but ask you to give
them your card it's best to refuse or
get up and walk to the register with
them otherwise if they're the dishonest
type they might copy your information
from it including the CVC code on the
back and soon enough you'll start seeing
some weird charges on your account so
it's best to just not risk it now I know
what you're thinking well I'll just
start paying in cash all the time
good idea but it's not without its own
risks for example let's say you dine for
$70 you'd like to leave a tip of 15
bucks making a total of $85 you give the
waiter a $100 bill and wait for your
change
then you wait some more and still some
more if the waiter doesn't show up for a
considerable amount of time you can
assume they forgot about you and flag
them down it's understandable they're
super busy a brief and polite reminder
that you're still waiting for your
change usually solves the issue however
there are those restaurant workers who
do this on purpose it's not customary
for a waiter to assume their tip is
included in the amount they were given
yet some of them simply forget to come
back with a change in hopes you'll want
to avoid confrontation others will even
try to cheat you on your change to avoid
being robbed in such a blatant way never
hesitate to remind the
of your change and always count it
before you leave another way restaurants
may get a little richer at your expense
is a fake menu the scheme works like
this you're given a menu as soon as you
sit down and you're pleasantly surprised
by the prices you see already stoked to
have a delicious and cheap meal you
order plenty of stuff without thinking
twice then when the bill comes your eyes
really do get bigger than you're already
full belly the amount you should pay for
each item is much higher than it was
before of course in this case you should
immediately call the manager and ask
them to explain the situation the main
problem is that the manager may also be
in on the scheme they might bring you
another menu that looks exactly like the
one you were given initially but with
different prices I think you've already
guessed that these prices would coincide
with those on your receipt well what
else can you do
you could ask to see all the menus in
the restaurant but they're not gonna
give you the fake one it's probably
hidden somewhere and you'll never know
don't worry it's not a completely
hopeless situation one thing you can do
is simply ask the waiter to leave the
menu for you in case you want to order
something else if they insist on taking
it for some reason though this should
serve as a red flag that something's not
right
a restaurant should have enough menus to
cover all the tables in all the rooms
with at least one per table but if they
do take it away
make sure you first take a picture of
each dish you've ordered with the price
clearly visible in the shot this way
you'll have documented proof of what
you've seen and what you should pay but
the restaurant personnel may explain
this scam by saying you've been given an
old menu by mistake so the prices aren't
accurate if this is the case you have
every right to pay for your meal
according to that old menu you were
deliberately misinformed about the
prices which is actually enough to take
legal action you can point that out to
the manager this will normally solve the
problem immediately there's also one
seemingly innocent scheme that some
restaurants may use but it's no less
unpleasant if you do happen to come
across it many places use coupons and
fliers to lure customers in and let them
know there are some amazing offers on
their food if you fall for such a thing
make sure you first check all the fine
print on the piece of paper in your
hands some coupons may already be
expired if you're not attentive to such
tiny details you may find yourself
paying the full price for a meal you
thought would be discounted fliers given
out on the street are usually just trash
used to lure you in so don't even bother
if you get your hands on a restaurant
discount coupon ask the personnel about
it before you make your order not after
this way you'll make sure that the
coupon is still active and you can use
it to pay less better still check it for
any hidden conditions beforehand and
find the place on the Internet
credible restaurants will always have an
up-to-date website with all the
information about their special offers
including coupons if there's nothing on
the web and your coupon doesn't have an
obvious expiration date the only thing
you can do is ask the staff about it
directly hey whatever works so do you
know any other schemes restaurant
employees like to pull on customers
please share them down in the comments
don't forget to give this video a like
keep your friends in the know by sharing
it with them and click subscribe to
always stay on the bright side of life
[Music]
you